## Checkpoint Notes
Realizing that the the F1-score lacked substance - it was difficult to quantify real-life implications of misclassifications across different categories - we decided to use the financial loss as a more robust measure of classifier performance.  The financial loss captures the financial impact of misclassifications calculated as the sum of purchases over misclassified products.  For example if $Product_{1}$ belonging to $Category_{A}$ had a total of \$100 in purchases over the year but was classified as $Category_{B}$, then the loss would increase by \$100.  The sum of misallocation of purchases to incorrect categories is a more intuitive and useful metric for business users in the context of financial statements and reporting where accuracy is pertinent.

Existing models were re-evaluated using the updated performance measure and the two most promising model types (KNN and SVM) were re-optimized and re-trained using the financial loss metric.  To get a better understanding of how much the existing SVM model improved with respect to financial loss, both the old model with existing hyperparameters and the new model with re-optimized parameters were evaluated.  As expected, the performance of the re-optimized model improved and by a factor of 6%.  While the KNN model achieved optimal performance, variance was too high to consider it in a production setting.

At this point, our next step is to try and improve on the model by looking more closely at the impact of outliers and possibly by adding more informative features.